<br />
<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">Evaluating the Tableau Solver of the Doxastic Logic Bot</h1>

  <p align="center">
    This is the code that was used to evaluate the performance of the tableau solver that is part of the doxastic logic bot.
  </p>

## About The Project

This project resembles the doxastic logic bot that posts tautologies of the doxastic logic KD45_n on Twitter. However, it generates only up to 286 formulas per complexity (measured by the number of connectives) and the tableau solver evaluates those formulas whilst the run time and RAM usage gets measured. The data gets stored in files to be evaluated afterwards. The project also contains the python code and the adjusted data files that were used to plot the results. 
### Built With

* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

* Java 16
* The latest version of Maven

### Installation

The project can be run using maven as follows: 
1. Clean and build the project using:
```sh
mvn install
```
2. Run the `main` method of LogicBot using:
```sh
mvn exec:java
```

Alternatively you can run the main method in `LogicBot.java` using an IDE of your choice (e.g. IntelliJ).

Should you want to run this program standalone, you can create a JAR file with the following maven command:

```sh
mvn clean package
```
The JAR file will appear in the `/target` directory.

## Design 

The main java project consists out of three main components that are implemented as packages. These can be found in the src directory. The pythonCode directory contains the code that plots the data and the files with the data itself.

### Generator
The generator package contains the directories and classes that are directly concerned with generating and implementing formulas. The formula generator generates up to 286 formulas (per complexity) with one to six connectives.

### Solver
The solver package contains the tableau solver, as well as the classes that implement a tableaux and their branches. The tableau solver validates the formulas that have been generated by the formula generator and the run time and RAm usage per formula gets stored in CSV-files.

### Storing of data
The io package contains the Serializer class that is used to store the generated formulas in files. It loads the files when the tableau solver is validating the formulas. Additionally, is stores the performance data of the tableau solver in CSV-files.

### Python code
The python code plots the data per modal depth and number of connectives as scatter plots. It then excludes the outliers from the data and plots that again. Lastly, it plots the run time and the RAM usage per complexity for tautologies and non-tautologies, respectively.

## Usage

This code was used to evaluate the performance of the tableau solver. The graphs were used in the thesis to analyze the performance. 

## Contact

Paula Barho, University of Groningen, Netherlands. 

